Diplomancer
===============

* Copyright (c) 2007-2013 Phanx <addons@phanx.net>. All rights reserved.
* See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.
* http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info9643-Diplomancer.html
* http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/diplomancer


Description
---------------

Diplomancer proactively changes your watched faction based on your
current location.

It differs from other faction-switching addons in that it changes your
watched faction as soon as you enter a particular area, instead of
waiting until you gain reputation with a faction. It includes faction
associations for all Classic, Burning Crusade, Wrath of the Lich King,
Cataclysm, and Mists of Pandaria content. It also recognizes faction
champion tabards inside appropriately-leveled dungeons.

While in locations without an associated faction — for example, if
you’re a troll taking a weekend camping trip in the lovely Redridge
Mountains — Diplomancer will watch your race’s faction. If you’d prefer
to watch another faction instead, you can choose your own default.


Usage
---------

Type “/dm” for options, or find them in the Interface Options window.


Localization
----------------

Compatible with English, Deutsch, Español (EU), Español (AL), Français,
Português, Русский, 한국어, 简体中文, and 繁體中文 game clients.

Translated into English, Deutsch, Español, Français, Italiano, Português,
Русский, 한국어, 简体中文, and 繁體中文.

To add or update translations for Diplomancer, see the [CurseForge
localization page] [1].

	[1]: http://wow.curseforge.com/addons/diplomancer/localization/

To add or update translations for subzone names, see the project page
for the [LibBabble-Subzone-3.0 library] [2].

	[2]: http://wow.curseforge.com/addons/libbabble-subzone-3-0/


Feedback
------------

To report a bug or suggest a feature, please post a ticket using the
bug/feature ticket links on either download page.

For general questions or feedback, post a comment on WoWInterface.

To contact me privately for some other reason, email <addons@phanx.net>
or send a PM to Phanx on either download page. Please *do not* use email
or PMs to ask for help, report bugs, or suggest features; such messages
will be ignored. Post a public ticket or comment instead!


Credits
-----------

Diplomancer was inpsired by SmartFactionWatch, by Charnow. I liked the
idea, but not the implementation, and decided to write my own version
with cleaner code and support for many more zones and subzones.